be very attentive because later
we will have a very rich recipe for how
make some mobile
for you but well let's talk
now what was said about the
transgenic foods and the method
used to achieve better products
quality
well they talk about having disadvantages
others of which no and good of these
disadvantages have these products
genetically modified can reach
to affect our health how to avoid them
then in the next note we are going
to expand more on this topic
the transgenics are those foods
to which genes of
other plants or animals in their codes
genetic resources to obtain species of
most desirable features some of
the benefits attributed to the
transgenic are in theory more food
nutritious foods more appetizing
resistant plants decrease in the
use of faster growing pesticides
obtaining medicinal products that
they could be used as vaccines or other
medications however some
experts do not recommend their consumption
several studies claim that those from
the nutritional side of food
GMOs have a great relationship
with some types of cancer problems
gastrointestinal intolerances
greater allergies of toxins than if
it is stated that this is going to see
mid let's say long-term there
the importance of reading the labels that
now they are already included in our in
our medium transgenic foods the
most known is soy
is if it is known that soybeans
introduced in our country is a food
it is a transgenic soybean then for
who want to avoid the consumption of
these foods I the first thing that
I recommend is to inform us a little more
have a greater criterion that is that
we should and should avoid if there are older
studies that have been done now and
for whom we should want to avoid
Transgenic foods I recommend reading
the labels that is very important
especially if they contain food
derived from soybeans and for those who
they want to opt for the natural insurance
This type of food does not meet the
Requirements